Update web-content-filtering.md (#7775)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/web-content-filtering.md

Only Microsoft Edge is supported if your device's OS configuration is Server (**cmd** \> **Systeminfo** \> **OS Configuration**). Network Protection is only supported in Inspect mode on Server devices, which is responsible for securing traffic across supported third-party browsers.

> Only Microsoft Edge is supported  and Network Protection is not supported on AVD Windows 10 multisession session hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only Microsoft Edge is supported and Network Protection is not supported on Windows 10 Azure Virtual Desktop multi-session hosts.
```
